fix: Allow empty theme config fields (#6493)
shopware/platform: changelog/_unreleased/2025-01-30-allow-empty-theme-config-fields.md

---
title: Allow empty fields in theme config
issue: NEXT-40385
---
# Storefront

> * Changed `dumpVariables()` and `formatVariables()` in `ThemeCompiler.php` to write empty theme config fields as a "null" value in SCSS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed `dumpVariables()` and `formatVariables()` in `\Shopware\Storefront\Theme\ThemeCompiler` to write empty theme config fields as a "null" value in SCSS
```

> * Changed the `validate()` method in `SCSSValidator.php` to allow empty values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed the `validate()` method in `\Shopware\Storefront\Theme\Validator\SCSSValidator` to allow empty values.
```
